Update readmes to match common design (Search category) 1/1 (#488)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: search/reverse-geocode-online/README.md

# Reverse geocode online

> Use an online service to find the address for a tapped point.

Reviewer: tapped is very platform specific, surprised this made it through common samples approval
```suggestion
Use an online service to find the address for a point on the map.
```

Author: Good catch!
